in the dark of the night illuminated
paintings are adult Night Lights
landscapes embedded with small glowing
objects that may enter the sleepers
dreams
each painting is
against Nyctophobia or the minds fearful
and disfigured perception of what might
happen in the dark
the psychology
drawn from my time in Illinois Utah and
especially in my hometown of Topeka
Kansas the mental health capital of the
world with more asylums per capita than
any other city
the tiny objects for miniature portals
to which an anecdote of memory and mood
or haunting emanates as if through a
frame of film
storytelling and filmic processes I
received an mfa in film direction from
the school of the Art Institute of
Chicago
I make art as an attempt at immortality
not fame or fortune I want to be
remembered after my death
I'm acutely aware of death miracles and
resurrection having seen my brother
electrocuted then raised from the dead
30 minutes later albeit changed
considerably
in these paintings the strings of my
parallel universes unravel themselves as
alternative lives
what other life might I have LED or
according to string theory what other
lives am I actually living right now
I study the spiritual
and psychological bullets that I've
dodged and others that have hit their
mark
what did didn't could should or might
have happened what if in another of
these parallel lives my brother Trenton
hadn't bitten into that lamp cord
I am 25
early or too late to become an
officially sanctioned prophet
I live in a time devoid of magic and
mysticism
now I aspire to be a seer to see past
present and future as one to see hidden
things often with the aid of divine
instruments to warn of real or imagined
calamities
I place my visions in warp of art
instead of in Scripture I arrived at
this self ascribed power by a virtue of
my constant vigilance against God's
bullets
because I'm always scouting for death I
have become hyper aware of past and
future and drift out of the present time
I begin to see
as a child
as a child when I grew up I wanted to be
an Old Testament prophet
as an adult I am merely a stay-at-home
dad muddling through a recession
but I still hope to see something more
interesting
and then set it glowing faintly
you